[IMP] pos: restructure and improve the restaurant category (#3745)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/restaurant/bill_printing.rst

=====
Bills
=====

Typical practices in restaurants or bars are to request the bill before proceeding to payment or

> split it based on the items ordered. Odoo POS provides two features to perform these tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
splitting it based on the items ordered. Odoo POS provides two features to perform these tasks
```

seamlessly: **Bill Printing** and **Bill Splitting**.

Configuration
=============

To activate the bill printing and splitting features, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->
Configuration --> Point of sale` and select your POS. Then, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Bills &
Receipts` section and enable :guilabel:`Bill Printing` and :guilabel:`Bill Splitting`.

.. image:: bill_printing/settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: activate the bill printing and bill splitting features in the POS settings

Bill printing
=============

From an open session, click :menuselection:`Bill --> Print` at any moment to generate and print a
bill.

.. note::
   The printed bill is **not** final and will be updated to reflect any changes to the order.

Bill splitting
==============

From an open session, click :guilabel:`Split` to select the items to regroup. Once everything is
selected, click :guilabel:`Payment` and proceed to checkout for these items. Repeat for each guest.

.. note::

>    - Once you return to the table, the selected items are no longer on order, as they were paid for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Once you return to the table, the selected items are no longer on order, as they have been paid for.
```
